{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CSCI 572 - List of URL's after second crawl
\b0  \
\

\b List of errors:
\b0 \
1. Http code=406\
2. java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
3. java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
\
Many of the errors were resolved with TIKA parser, Tesseract and Nutch Selenium being enabled with Nutch. Some of the errors were faced after enabling TIKA crawl. \
Below are the list of URL's which contains the URL's, HTTP error codes and a brief description of the corresponding error codes after the second crawl: \
\
1. http://dev.nationalguntrader.com/pricing failed with: java.net.UnknownHostException: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.nationalguntrader.com"}}{\fldrslt dev.nationalguntrader.com}}\
2. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/}}\
3. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/4_Meet_and_Greet/9_Meet_at_the_local_range/ failed with: Http code=406, url=http://gundeals.org/0/posts/4_Meet_and_Greet/9_Meet_at_the_local_range/\
4. http://gundeals.org/images/spacer.gif failed with: Http code=406, url=http://gundeals.org/images/spacer.gif\
5. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/}}\
6. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/26_Gun_Parts/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/26_Gun_Parts/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/26_Gun_Parts/}}\
7. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/}}\
8. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-29/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-29/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-29/}}\
9. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-31/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-31/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-31/}}\
10. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/}}\
11. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-08/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-08/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-08/}}\
12. http://gundeals.org/0/events/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/}}\
13. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/39_Basic_Handgun/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/39_Basic_Handgun/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/39_Basic_Handgun/}}\
14. http://gundeals.org/favicon.ico failed with: Http code=406, url=http://gundeals.org/favicon.ico\
15. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/10_Services/35_Gunsmithing/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/10_Services/35_Gunsmithing/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/10_Services/35_Gunsmithing/}}\
16. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-10/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-10/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-10/}}\
17. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-13/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-13/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-13/}}\
18. http://gundeals.org/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/}}\
19. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-16/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-16/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-16/}}\
20. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/40_Self_Home_Defense/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/40_Self_Home_Defense/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/11_Firearms_Training/40_Self_Home_Defense/}}\
21. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/3_Revolvers/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/3_Revolvers/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/1_Guns_Buy_Sell_Trade/3_Revolvers/}}\
22. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/12_Support_this_Legislation/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/12_Support_this_Legislation/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/12_Support_this_Legislation/}}\
23. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/14_Political_Rallies/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/14_Political_Rallies/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/14_Political_Rallies/}}\
24. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/15_Pistol_and_Revolver_Ammo/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/15_Pistol_and_Revolver_Ammo/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/15_Pistol_and_Revolver_Ammo/}}\
25. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/16_Rifle_Ammo/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/16_Rifle_Ammo/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/7_Ammunition/16_Rifle_Ammo/}}\
26. http://gundeals.org/images/featured.gif failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/images/featured.gif"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/images/featured.gif}}\
27. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/2_Gun_Shows_and_Events/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/2_Gun_Shows_and_Events/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/2_Gun_Shows_and_Events/}}\
28. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-21/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-21/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-21/}}\
29. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/9_Sporting_equipment/32_other/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/9_Sporting_equipment/32_other/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/9_Sporting_equipment/32_other/}}\
30. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-27/ failed with: Http code=406, url=http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-27/\
fetching http://gundeals.org/0/ (queue crawl delay=5000ms)\
31. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/25_Magazines/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/25_Magazines/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/25_Magazines/}}\
32. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/2_Gun_Shows_and_Events/7_Gun_Shows/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
33. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/13_Do_NOT_support_this_Legislation/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
34. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-15/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
35. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-12/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
36. http://gundeals.org/-3_Arizona/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
Thread FetcherThread has no more work available\
37. http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/basic/1431369076/: failed(2,0): Can't retrieve Tika parser for mime-type text/css\
Parsed (2ms):{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/basic/1431369076/"}}{\fldrslt http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/basic/1431369076/}}\
38. Error parsing: http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/news-personal-home/1423076120/: failed(2,0): Can't retrieve Tika parser for mime-type text/css\
Parsed (0ms):{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/news-personal-home/1423076120/"}}{\fldrslt http://i.oodleimg.com/caml/news-personal-home/1423076120/}}\
39. http://www.hipointfirearmsforums.com/blogs_css.php: failed(2,0): Can't retrieve Tika parser for mime-type text/x-php\
40. https://thearmedtraveler.com/ failed with: java.net.UnknownHostException: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thearmedtraveler.com"}}{\fldrslt thearmedtraveler.com}}\
41. http://freegunclassifieds.com/indiana-r782056 failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
42. http://freegunclassifieds.com/texas-r782085 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
43. http://freegunclassifieds.com/1188/magnum-research-desert-eagle failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
44. http://freegunclassifieds.com/1181/ati-omni-poly-stripped-lower-free-shipping-no-cc-fees failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
45. http://freegunclassifieds.com:/contact failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
46. http://freegunclassifieds.com/1178/brand-new-in-the-boxberetta-usa-m9-mil-spec-92fs-commercial-semi-auto-10-round-9mm failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
47. http://www.atf.treas.gov/pdfcon.htm failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
48. http://gundeals.org/-1/events/2015-10-06/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
49. http://gundeals.org/-1/posts/9_Sporting_equipment/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
50. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/9_Sporting_equipment/32_other/6584_Ance.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
51. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-26/435_Andy_Verma_Hot_And_Sexy_Mumbai_Escorts_model.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
52. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-26/438_Private_Detective_Agency_in_Delhi_India_SpyDetectiveAgency_com.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
53. http://gundeals.org/-2/posts/4_Meet_and_Greet/44_Discussion_Forums/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
54. http://gundeals.org/-2/events/2015-10-30/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
55. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-20/ failed with: Http code=406, url={\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-20/"}}{\fldrslt http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-20/}}\
56. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-25/443_melody_wedding_and_party_decorators_.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
57. http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/index.php/cPath/1086/PreparednessSurvival+Gear failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
58. http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/index.php/cPath/1648/Combo+Deals failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
59. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-24/446_Call_Girls_in_Chandigarh_Chandigarh_Escorts_Escort_Service_in_Chandigarh.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
60. http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/index.php/cPath/1072/Class+III failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
61. http://www.abcwebservice.com/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
62. http://www.nrawinningteam.com/states/index.html failed with: java.net.UnknownHostException: www.nrawinningteam.com\
63. http://freegunclassifieds.com/new-hampshire-r782071 failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
64. http://freegunclassifieds.com/connecticut-r782048 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
65. http://pictures.gunauction.com/2794083018/13579118/taurus%207sb%20tcp%20blued%20new%20one%20mag%20009.jpg_thumbnail0.jpg failed with: Http code=403, url=http://pictures.gunauction.com/2794083018/13579118/taurus%207sb%20tcp%20blued%20new%20one%20mag%20009.jpg_thumbnail0.jpg\
66. http://freegunclassifieds.com/alaska-r782043 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
67. http://gundeals.org/-2/posts/8_Gun_Accessories/22_Optics/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
68. http://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/223054.pdf failed with: java.io.EOFException\
69. http://freegunclassifieds.com/guns-for-sale/handguns-pistols failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
70. http://gundeals.org/-1/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/14_Political_Rallies/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
71. http://freegunclassifieds.com/california-r782046 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
72. http://dev.nationalguntrader.com/contact failed with: java.net.UnknownHostException: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.nationalguntrader.com"}}{\fldrslt dev.nationalguntrader.com}}\
73. http://freegunclassifieds.com/ohio-r782077 failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
74. http://freegunclassifieds.com/1185/colt-model-1903-pocket-hammerless-32-acp-oss-cia-provenance failed with: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset\
75. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-26/445_Escorts_Service_in_Agra_Agra_Escorts_Call_Girls_Service_in_Agra.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
76. http://gundeals.org/-1/posts/5_2A_Activism_politics_/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
77. http://gundeals.org/-1/events/2015-10-27/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
78. http://freegunclassifieds.com/services/gunsmithing-repair failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
79. http://gundeals.org/0/posts/10_Services/36_Hunting_Guides/6490_Custom_Software_Development_New_Jersey.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
80. http://gundeals.org/-2/posts/7_Ammunition/17_Ammo_Lots_Bulk/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
81. http://freegunclassifieds.com/north-carolina-r782075 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
82. http://freegunclassifieds.com/employment/firearm-related-jobs failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
83. http://freegunclassifieds.com/oregon-r782079 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
84. http://gundeals.org/-1/events/2015-10-31/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
85. http://freegunclassifieds.com:/item/new failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
86. http://freegunclassifieds.com/arkansas-r782045 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
87. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-24/440_Start_Earning_Money_Online_from_home_.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
88. http://gundeals.org/0/events/2015-10-24/438_Private_Detective_Agency_in_Delhi_India_SpyDetectiveAgency_com.html failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
89. http://gundeals.org/10_Anchorage_Mat_Su/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
90. http://freegunclassifieds.com/north-carolina-r782075 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
91. http://freegunclassifieds.com/employment/firearm-related-jobs failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
92. http://freegunclassifieds.com/oregon-r782079 failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
93. http://gundeals.org/-1/events/2015-10-31/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
94. https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Portal:Unsuccessful_attempts_to_amend_the_United_States_Constitution failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
95. http://classic.gunauction.com/shop/gun-care-cleaning-supplies/lube-cleaning-kits failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
96. https://reloadingunlimited.com/product-category/reloading-components/reloading-components-primers/shotshell-reloading-components-primers/ failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
97. http://classic.gunauction.com/shop/penny/gun-parts-rifle failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
98. http://classic.gunauction.com/buy/11727639/archery/archery-accessories/mckenzie-natra-look-targets-score-card-holder failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
99. http://www.schmidtner-gmbh.de/templates/schmidtnergmbh/img/prospekte/immac-austria-sozialimmobilie-xiv-renditefonds.jpg failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: connect timed out\
100. http://classic.gunauction.com/shop/auctions/guns-for-sale-commemoratives failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out\
101. http://indiewebcamp.com/photo failed with: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed outs\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 }